oh I love this cup idea of this kid I
loved it kid seriously you want to do it
Leon for sins but yet you distracted
back I'm sorry it's not like you're
going to die during my sims or anything
so you can take time to get some so when
you started the game what happened I
Jerome go to the main hall and talk to
them person who owns the town which is
the mayor she brought me to where my
house was and it wasn't built so I had
to build it now in my sims it doesn't
matter how you design your house the
inside will always look the same yeah ok
and that doesn't horribly discourage you
at all you I thought it was a pillow i
almost put my elbow into it at like
breakneck speed and it's you yeah I'm
sorry I almost did ok what are the
basics of my sims you go around and you
build things for the town and do
different um I guess missions for people
and different people require different
styles of houses and things like that
I'm sorry this cat is just too cute it's
it's it's over taking your it's more
appealing than DJ said I'm sorry yeah
that is mercy what can you tell me about
essences I know you and I his ok he's
designing a house in my sims and he does
not know what essences our essences are
pretty much different things in the
world that you can find either by mining
for gems gold cutting down trees for
wood or picking blossoms off a tree can
all be used as essences four distinct
color patterns these are the percentages
telling him what his house is made up up
apparently recipes thirty percent geeky
I knew that and it's coming out very
nicely though let me get a shot of the
wiener dog either what are these Datsun
ok what does she want now cuz I remember
she won
a lot of weird dumb stuff like stuff you
think she should already have like she
wants you to make a podium oh yes oh yes
all stuff she should already have yeah
can he make me a podium can make me a
chair can make me a family okay baby
he's not supposed to but you're me
you're Sam kind of looks hispanic and it
did it hit me that she asked hispanic
guy to basically build everything in her
town for her that is so racist so he's
ready yes he does because he has black
hair you up right here he has oh okay no
you don't I Bixley as I looked in the
mirror lately okay I'm sorry I'm sorry
did you just say they're only three
billion people on the entire planet I
don't know 56 okay well the day nursery
gallery and being close DJ yeah yeah
what happened okay go quote either of
them on that okay so let's say there's
six billion people give or take a
billion uh you belong it's seven billion
I think we just fit seven billion seven
billion monster I'm Virginia injury well
actually will ya the number of young
people are growing like the number of
people who know who mariah carey is are
dying each day the people who know who
are at a grande is is growing each day
so you know